---
title: Welcome
layout: post
excerpt: Hi, this is Erik Royall, a Web Designer from India. This is my new blog on Web Design and Development. I'll be posting the latest news in the community, tips and tricks, tutorials and articles on various technologies.
comments: true
---


Hi, this is Erik Royall, a Web Designer from India. This is my new blog on Web Design and Development. I'll be posting the latest news in the community, tips and tricks, tutorials and articles on various technologies.

## About me

Erik Royall (M S Rishikesh) is a 14 year old from India. He is a web developer from India.

Born on 2 Jan, 1999 and still alive.

He is an student of Grade 9. In his free time he writes books, composes songs, does programming work or blogs. He is bound to the principle -- Do Something only if is useful to you or the world.

He is the Benevolent Dictator of uWod, a PHP CMS Software currently being developed. He also makes applications for Android, Firefox OS (B2G) and Windows Phone.

He also runs CWiki, a multi-featured online community. He also makes software, mainly with Visual Basic or C# using the Visual Studio.

He spends the remaining time planning and working on business principles, organizational structure for the upcoming dream project.

He can be found anywhere on the Internet -- helping, researching or learning.

You can reach him at (+91) 9640916455, his personal number or mail him: erikroyall [at] hotmail [dot] com.

Here is the complete list of programming languages he know: JavaScript, PHP, Python, Ruby, Node.js, TypeScript, C, C++, Visual C#, Visual Basic, jQuery, R, Java

And those which will be learnt in the near future, if possible: Visual C++, Perl, HDL, Assembly

He also wish to make his own programming language.